and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business growth
show delighted to be joined by megan
holsinger today
megan is the director of customer
success over at jb
cell she brings a mix of experience with
experience in
customer success teams and sales teams
alike
she's been a revenue generating quota
carrying sales professional herself
and now helps companies around the world
learn how to do the best profession in
the world
which is sales megan a very warm welcome
how you doing
i am great thanks for having me no
worries so looking forward to this one
and um this is a bit of a debate not
quite as much as sales versus marketing
but
sales versus customer success which is
not not too far off really so this
should be quite a quite exciting show
there should be quite a good um bit of
back and forth bit of banter
in terms of what we want to chat through
but i'm not going to best about megan
i'm going to put you straight away on
the spot and ask you
sales versus customer success which is
more important to a business
i think having a sales minded cs
team is the most important thing to
business i mean
you know if you take a step back
obviously sales is what generates the
customers right
i mean you can't you can't ignore that
that's sort of a
a given but um i think what is so
overlooked is the power that cs teams
have to generate even more sales right
so
um taking a look at your existing teams
right now and really
asking yourself the hard question of
does my team
generate revenue does do we do something
do we add to the overall
bottom line essentially right of a
company um
easy to say those things about sales a
little bit more difficult a little bit
more of an evolution
a little bit more of a transition when
we talk about
uh cs teams got it okay
interesting i mean i myself do a bit of
both so i'm
um carrying a bit of a quota bringing
business and also managing
clients and customer success so it's a
bit of a bit of a tricky one to balance
at times and sometimes
it can be difficult to know um which to
prioritize
so i know yourself um you've moved from
sales megan into
customer success do you have a
preference on which you prefer or do you
think one's
kind of you found one to be more useful
or more important than the other
yeah i i personally
enjoy customer success but only when
it is sales focused so i've been in a
bunch of different
types of cs roles so um
i've been in a role in cs where it is
just very
kind of reactive it's it's account
management it's relationship management
for sure
um and you know did i learn a lot
absolutely you know i wouldn't
you know take those experiences away um
but the roles that i like the most is
when i when i have a
you know a dedicated book of business
but i am in charge of growing it right
i'm in charge of expanding it i'm in
charge of there's a number
right that i want to get to um from a
growth perspective
and so for me you know it's the
combination of the sales it's the
combination of having that quota having
that commission
but partnered with the relationship
component that you get when you're
in cs interesting so that brings us on
to a straight point i love that and i
love that we were talking about before
we hit record being proactive
rather than reactive with your customers
and like you say
and so perhaps you could share some
examples because typically i know in my
head megan when i think of account
manager which is probably a negative way
to look at it
i think of someone that perhaps takes
orders has a few customers has a few
great clients every every couple weeks
or every month they give them
a few orders they know that's coming in
they know they're probably gonna just
about hit their target whether you're a
business owner whether you're a sales
professional you've got these
good few customers and you know they'll
keep you tricking along and i just kind
of that's that's the image i
have in my head be it bad be it good
that's what it is um
so what's the difference between that
we're just kind of reacting to the to
the least
the cells that are coming in and then
being proactive what are some examples
of
of what you find effective megan yeah um
you know
and you're not wrong that is that is the
image
um a lot of times of cs folks but it's
changing
and it's been changing um i would say
really the shift
has taken place over the last uh is one
to two years but really even i
i would say post covid um or post kind
of the start of covid
um it's taken on an even stronger um
kind of push so you know an account
manager
is is a great profession and and you
know
you you do a lot of good in that
profession but it's the shift in mindset
and so the way that i way that i like to
talk about it is
you know everyone has sort of their own
tolerance for risk
right so what i mean by that is you you
either get up in the morning and so you
look at risk and you think you know what
that's exciting i i like the concept of
kind of not knowing maybe
exactly how things are going to play out
or i like the idea of doing something a
little bit different and trying
something new
but there's also this a person that
wakes up in the morning and looks at
risks as a way to kind of
mitigate it right so their time is that
high and and they prefer to have things
kind of be
steady and stable and consistent and
that's the difference between
sort of a reactive versus a proactive cs
person
um you you need both i don't i don't
want to say that
having folks that are are there on the
receiving end
um of customer you know questions
complaints
whatever it is wins is not a is not a
good thing it is you've got to have
those folks there
but what you want to also think about is
the fact there's so much
opportunity within an existing client
base to ask
more questions and that's where you know
that curiosity factor comes in and where
you can start being more proactive so
for
one example is you know instead of just
sort of
waiting for your a customer to maybe
email you even if it's like a complaint
or a question or
maybe it's a renewal or something
there's some sort of a
an event that's taking place and that's
when you know that you're going
uh to be talking to them instead
how do you engage with them ahead of
time
how do you provide value even when
they don't even know that they need it
right and so what are ways that you can
provide
messaging what are what are ways that
you can sort of
tee up um opportunities within
an organization ask for introductions to
other parts of the organization
um all sorts of different ways that you
can sort of creep
in to a person's business but you gotta
do it you gotta actually
you know make the effort it's not gonna
come to you right it doesn't fall on you
magically one monday morning got it okay
and that it it does remind me a little
bit of discovery in
in the sales process where you're asking
these questions you're being curious
you're trying to understand where the
business at
what their business goals are in terms
of revenue in terms of what they
where they see their self going in the
next six 12 18 months
and and all those kind of alignments and
goals that what they want to get to with
their with their sales or marketing with
their business so that that kind of
sounds like there's a bit of synergy
between those two so
if someone's perhaps transitioning megan
from a sales based role and let's let's
say that
i don't know an sdr or perhaps they're
only a new business um
sales professional and they're looking
to move or perhaps they've been directed
by management to go into more of a
customer success role
are there any things that they should
bear in mind or any um
have you got any tips or recommendations
for those kind of people
yeah i'm i think so typically what we
see or at least what i've seen
in in my past when someone does make the
switch from
you know kind of sales to cs um
the best ones are the ones that start
out you know as an sgr
maybe moving into an account exact role
but then realize what they like
the most about sales is the
relationships a lot of aes or you know
account executives have to give
up these relationships and and toss them
over the fence to cs and
there's a group of folks that really
want to hang on to those relationships
and
those are the people that i tend to see
you know make that transition
um better right because they they
already have sort of the sales mind and
now they're just sort of adding the
relationship component to it
um i think it's you know cs
does have depending on the business
depending on
what it is that you do there is a bit
more
um i don't want to say project
management but there's a
there's a little more organization
there's more there's more detail there's
more
um things that you have to kind of keep
in place right
again depending on kind of what you're
doing onboarding right like there's a
lot of things that cs can own
um that can all of a sudden become
something that is really
uh kind of important to kind of keep
track of
the other thing too is time management
so
i'm just going to say that that's a
great point i was just thinking in my
head because i mean
here for example we're managing quite a
lot of web page projects digital
marketing projects all gone up once
and then also we've got to manage the
new business so that the new inquiries
that are coming in
and get maintaining that balance so how
do you find
that keeping the balance meg in between
obviously keeping on existing projects
but then also in your cases you've got a
quota
to hit to make sure that you're also
doing the activity that's going to
make things happen that's bringing going
to bring in the cash yeah you know and i
also would say just to add to that too
you know given the fact that so many of
us are working from home
um it's it's even that much more
difficult to kind of
chunk out your time because everything
sort of melds together right so you're
home
for folks that have families right like
it all just becomes
this sort of big day that you do
over and over and over again so um for
me
um i am i'm a huge believer in blocking
out time on my calendar
um if you were to look at my calendar
you'll see all sorts of different
acronyms on there
um i schedule i allow clients to book
time on my calendar we use something
called
calendly or excuse me we don't use
calendar we used to use calendly we now
use chili piper
which is great too both are awesome so
chili piper allows me to
kind of block my time so that clients
can book on my
my calendar as they need to and that's
great but i only allow them to book on
certain days and i only allow them to
book for certain
periods of time that helps me manage the
days that i know
i'm going to be dealing with you know
maybe prospects in my sales hat or maybe
i'm dealing with customers
um and then for instance two days a week
i have blocked off
just for training so i deliver training
for jv sales i deliver a couple of
different programs for them
um so i block my time off accordingly
because i know i'm not going to be able
to do
all the other things on training days
that i would be on
other days so blocking is important
learning how to say
no um we as customer success
professionals
even i would argue as sales
professionals are
so inclined to say yes because we want
we want the deal we want we want it to
move forward right if we're on the csi
we want to please
the customer there's ways to do both you
know you can still
get the win but also put yourself in
control
of your own time of what you're doing
and the value that you're providing
right the road goes both ways in my
opinion so
um it's not the easiest thing i i wish
there was a magic
button that i could press that would
just sort of make my day go by
perfectly um distraction is also really
hard
one of the things that i'm trying and
this is something that's new to me but
um
i if you have an iphone um you can put
limits on the apps
that you're using on your phone um and
part of my sort of
new year's resolution even though i
don't love that but i i did it
is i put limits on the number of apps
that i can use on my phone
um it's a distraction to me sometimes
and
that's another way that i've been really
productive in being able to focus
on the stuff work-wise i think i
definitely need that app for linkedin
i'm a bit of a scroll-a-holic yeah and
so i
i literally put a limit on it so i am
allowed
an hour and a half of social apps
a day that's a good move i like that
and that includes linkedin instagram
facebook twitter
uh anything i'm only allowed an hour and
a half and that's it
got it some nice tips there so megan
let's pretend we've
perhaps brought on board a new customer
or actually this could be a second
quarter put on board a new customer do
you have like a road map
that you follow if a new client's just
been on board let's say the sales team
have brought them on
and then they've passed them to
yourselves to look after is there a
strategy that you like to take on board
um as in how you introduce yourself how
you plan
how often you're going to communicate
with them um should we be communicating
with our customers really really
regularly like almost weekly or monthly
is that is there a strategy that we
should be following so we're not
following up too much but we're staying
top of mind and obviously
getting the business while we can but at
the same time keeping them happy
so we're going to retain their business
yeah so the key there is and i'll steal
this from john barrows himself
he always says how do you how do you you
know stay in front of them without being
annoying how do i how do i keep you know
stay top of mind without being annoying
um and that is always a tricky one and
i'll talk about that in a second but
um you know everyone's gonna have a
little bit of a different onboarding
process
um depending on what it is that you sell
and and
who you're selling to my piece of advice
though
and this is something that i
incorporated in um two of the startups
that i was at prior to
uh jb sales was um getting cs
involved actually pre-contract um
so a lot of times what was happening and
i was noticing this is that sales would
sign
the contract and then you know there was
some
sort of process that happened where
there was an introduction made
to see us i actually started
experimenting with bringing cs
into quote-unquote the sales process
it made for a more seamless handoff
it introduced uh cs earlier on in the
process which made it easier for cf to
be able to
work with the customer post training
right they already kind of knew what
they were getting
themselves into um so that is one thing
i strongly urge if you can
um you don't maybe do it on all of your
clients but
if you can pick sort of maybe your
bigger ones or you want to experiment on
you know maybe a handful or maybe kind
of get a relationship going between an
ae and an sc to see if that works i
would strongly encourage
um bringing cs in for us now
at jb sales it's a little bit of a
different process so because we sell
sales training
um a lot of the times um i'm as a cs
person
um getting involved very early on
pre-contract
talk about the type of training that
we're doing um but sometimes i am also
happen to be the one delivering the
training um
it depends on sort of what we're doing i
deliver our driving to close program and
i deliver
um a program called driving results for
customer success
um so if the prospect is looking for
cs training um i am almost always
brought in
early on uh because i am talking about
it i am
i live it i breathe it i know it um and
then
once we deliver the training i am also
in charge of i wear many hats but i am
also
part of making sure um that that
training sticks from a reinforcement
perspective so
that's really different for each um each
client
uh that might mean uh you know review
calls that might mean
getting on and talking about specific
metrics that they wanted to achieve
you know prior to training and how are
they hitting on those metrics post
training right
so um it looks a little bit different
but it never ends
um i'm i'm talking to all sorts of
different types of people
all day long and that's one of the best
parts i think of being in cs is that you
get
that variety yeah and in terms of kind
of an ongoing
relationship megan so let's say for
example when we've just brought on board
a new customer
we've perhaps i guess sales and if
you're involved as a customer success
specialist you probably talk about where
they want to go
in your case offering training so let's
let's carry on with that say they
they're doing training because they want
to i don't know 2x their sales targets
for this year for the next 12 months
so as we're as we're account as we're
account managing as we're as the times
going by
um like you said we've got to check in
with them but we've got to not be
annoying
we've got to we've got to add that value
and we've got to be a useful resource
that can be someone they can trust that
they can get in touch with and at the
same time we want to be able to grow
that account over time
so yeah what are some ways that we can
kind of check in to make sure that they
actually are
hitting getting to where they want to be
um as in get in your case getting closer
to sales targets through the training
you're providing
but um being useful still so making sure
we're still providing useful content to
them or being a good resource
yeah and that's that's a kind of a pet
peeve of mine
is that you know i i refuse to send an
email to someone
and say you know checking in
hi you know that's it that provides no
value i mean other than the fact that
i i guess now the customer sees you as
as potentially
you know caring enough about them to
email them but i
i would actually prefer to think about a
little bit differently so when i
follow up with a with a customer i'm
either doing one of two things i either
have a very specific question for them
um meaning so there's something that i i
either need from them
or that i want to check up on so we'll
use your example of you know we want to
grow
our sales our inbound leads by 2x i'm
whatever that is right
my question will always come back to
that specific metric
and i'll use it again and again and
again and then i will provide an example
of
a component of our training that has um
that can be helpful almost as like a
reminder to them
uh to be able to do that otherwise it's
just sort of like
you know it's nice it's an email but i
don't i don't
know the reason why i would really want
to open that email up and respond to it
unless that email had
oh wait there's that metric that i care
about and oh wait
yes there's that piece of content that i
need to be reinforcing right like
there's there's an attention grabber
there there's something that you want to
make sure
you're engaged with um the other thing i
do a lot of so i'm a big fan
of um owler so owler if you're for those
of you that are listening
are not familiar with it it's just a way
you plug in company names that you want
to follow and it
gives you a bunch of um hits on any kind
of news you can
actually kind of segment it out like i
don't want to hear about certain types
of news with
with clients it's really great um every
morning
my morning starts with me going through
my hour feed
um and it helps me better understand
kind of our is there anything
that's happening in our client base
right now that i should in fact
you know talk email or call and talk
about with them
because it could lead to either a way to
use our content better that they've
already been through right or maybe
they've acquired a company
and this would be a really good
opportunity for me to ask for an
introduction
to their vp of enablement or vp of sales
of that new company right i just
actually want a customer that way about
a month and a half ago
um by just asking for the introduction
cool about it was great that you guys
just acquired this
you guys did really well with this
training i'd love to make the
introduction when you have a moment
um it's about asking for the business
and
that is another way that you can kind of
stay top of mind without necessarily
being
overly annoying nice i like it so yeah
just just recapping that so we're
talking about
rather than just sending the generic
follow-up emails actually using apps
like owler
they're going to give you useful
information about your existing
customers your existing clients
and then sending them useful pieces of
content and reminding them
about the goals the metrics that you've
been discussing from day one and saying
look
remember this is your your main goal for
the year this this piece of content like
this video or this blog this article
this podcast
i think would be really useful um
because some of our other clients have
put that into action that's really
helped them do xyz
so i yeah i really really like that cool
um
and moving forwards megan is is there
any strategies that view views so say
for example we've got a good client
um we've perhaps been working with for a
few months or a year they're going quite
steady
and they're we're making okay in terms
we're doing okay in terms of revenue
from them but
we'd really love to grow that account um
are there any
unusual approaches or any approaches
that you've found have been useful to
to step that up rather than just saying
to to our clients
have you thought about doing this insert
new product here um
what have you found has worked quite
effectively for you when it comes to
growing your existing customers
accounts yeah i mean when you get into
you know
larger accounts um where there's
multiple different divisions
you know multiple different groups uh
regions oftentimes we'll train
you know the emea group um but we know
there's a north america group that we
want to get into
or vice versa right like there's always
sort of knowing that ahead of time
that there's opportunity there so one of
the things that we do
when we're working with prospects in the
beginning stages is we actually
ask a number of um qualifying questions
ourselves to the prospect that will help
us
get a better understanding of the
opportunity that lies ahead
that way it's easier for me when i'm
working with them
post-contract determine where i want to
spend my time
so i want to spend my time in places
where i know there's opportunity right i
don't want to keep going back
to a client that i know we tapped out on
them right
they're they're not maybe they're not
growing as much as we we need them to be
they're not hiring as much i'd rather
spend my time
focusing on the the clients that i i
know there's potential
i do a lot of work in linkedin sales
navigator so
i will absolutely go in and
find names titles
different folks that i might want to
either connect with
or that i may know from a previous um
uh you know role or that
has used i'll look at their profile and
and see that they were at a previous
client of ours right so
any sort of connection that i can make
to them from a relevancy standpoint
is really important if i can't provide
relevance to them if i can't provide
them with something that i know is going
to be useful
i'm not going to connect with them right
it's just it doesn't
it doesn't help them it doesn't really
help me at the end of the day it's just
a connection we all get
so many connection requests on linkedin
um
i want to connect with people that i
know that can provide value to me so
you know there's not an easy way to sort
of just wake up in the morning and say
uh you know i'm gonna i'm gonna make all
these connections go get all these
opportunities it takes persistence
um it takes patience um it takes
sometimes a
zen-like attitude but for you to have
the you know to really get to it but
um you know the persistence i think is
key
and in your experience megan perhaps
from a more simpler perspective
is is there ever a good time to ask
existing customers
to upgrade so be it whether it's bumping
up their
package if you're a software as a
service company whether it's upgrading
their training
whether it's simply selling a new
product is it just a case of we have to
wait to
deliver on what we said we were going to
and then we just simply bring it up on a
call or email
um or is there a bit more to it um i
think it's a little bit of both that's a
that's a really good question
i've seen many cs people go too quickly
so we haven't even deployed uh you know
what was what they originally bought and
they're already asking for more
um it's about knowing your audience and
knowing
what you can ask and what you you can't
ask that's not the easiest thing to get
overnight
you have to learn from experience of
when
you know you should ask or you shouldn't
ask but um
i think you know if you're if you're
deploying
a like from a sas perspective if if
you're deploying the piece of advice i
would give to folks is
making it known that the deployment of
software is only the beginning and that
there's opportunity for growth and that
they could use
this particular feature down the road if
plant that concept
prospect or you plant that concept with
like during
maybe your kickoff call that you're
having with with the client
if you're just planting that idea
that'll take you a long way
because you're basically making the
assumption at that point you're saying
you know what
we can actually talk about that one of
the things that we'll want to touch base
on in you know six months from now
um is your ability to do x y and z um we
don't need to do that
now but we'll want to kind of cross that
bridge all you're doing is you're
setting them up
and you're saying listen we're going to
have this conversation
whether you like it or not so it's all
about expectation setting
not being afraid to ask questions
even if it doesn't mean that you're
going to ask for the opportunity right
then and there but just
asking questions about their business
asking questions about how
they make money about their budgeting
process about their decision-making
process about their leadership
team go on and on and on you can gain
so much information about a company that
will then
set you up for success when you quote
unquote
ask for the order later on so good i
love that
planting the seed option so when you
when you're first bringing on board as a
customer you're saying like we're
providing we implement xyz really well
and you'd probably be looking at feature
a
feature b feature c because it's going
to help you achieve this even better
and just putting that in the back of
their mind so when you bring it up a
little bit later
they're not shocked they're not
surprised because you've already had
that upfront conversation
and that comes down to the questioning i
think
because you've got that experience megan
and sales that's obviously really really
useful for yourself
um what do you think about customer
service or customer success reps
actually
speaking to their sales team and maybe
even talking to the guys and girls that
carry out discovery
because a lot of these questions in my
opinion it sounds like it could be
really really insightful
if they're understanding these these key
points and the motivators
asking questions about budget asking
questions about goals and all those good
all that good stuff that's going to give
you what you need to know to grow these
accounts
and just asking sales team how they do
it and then putting it into play when
you're growing your own accounts
yeah and that's exactly actually how i
created the driving results for customer
success program that we have
so um it's centered around question
asking it's centered around
all the same types of questions
traditional
discovery qualification type questions
that sales professionals have been using
but putting them into a cs
friendly approach
and that is that is a huge component of
it i i think
um partnering sales and cf together
um is not only you know helps
both sides out because i i do actually
think it's really important for sales to
see
what cs has to go through on a date
basis
um so you know it kind of goes both ways
but i'm
all about kind of creating a single
thread too i think consistency is super
important
um it's going to be helpful for the
growth of a company if you can align
your sales and cf teams with the same
types of discovery calls um questions
you know qualification questions process
you'll have more consistency you'll have
more predictability it'll become that
much more easier to manage your pipe
right so
um i think absolutely the more that you
can get those two teams to kind of
coordinate together
the best that's not i don't wanna that
sounds really easy when i say it like
that
it's not i've been in the middle of
trying to get these two teams to work
together it takes time
it takes effort it takes a joint effort
between sales and cs leadership
for sure yeah i was going to say the
amount of companies i've been out where
the sales team myself included in my
younger days just literally
selling over the project handing it to
the customer success team or the account
management team they're running for the
hills i'm off to sell some more see you
later
yep and you know i had to work at a
company i was at a
running cs at a company once where i was
realizing that my
team was getting thrown just really bad
deals like it was our churn rate was
becoming
just awful uh and one of the things that
i put in place
was um sales actually could not pass
us off a deal unless there was like
there i think it was four things that
had to be checked off
like our persona like bunch of different
stuff that we needed to make sure and
once we got that in place it took about
three months
we actually started noticing that the
churn rate
was was getting way better because we
were actually now
getting clients that were better
prepared
that fit what we needed to do and that
we're not just being kind of sold
used and dumped onto on to cs so
um i mean we could we could talk about
that for days that would be endless
i mean that's that's interesting in
itself just because like you say
churn rate is obviously crucial because
if you we all know that
how how um more expensive it is to bring
on board a new
customer compared to growing an existing
client so if you're bringing on board
deals new customers
and then they're passing off after a
month two months three months then
you're you're
chucking money down the drain literally
um so if like you said if customer
service can actually work with sales to
set those metrics
and set out what actually defines a
great client because you're dealing with
them ongoing they're not they're passing
them over unless they are account
managers
customer success managers as well right
um yeah
that teamwork sounds really really
important so just to wrap things up
megan we've talked a lot about things
going well
but i'm sure you've had your fair share
of and so have i
of because not every project goes
perfectly we know that for sure
otherwise it wouldn't be business right
so how how do you
how do you get over sticky situations so
let's say uh
you're a few months into a project you
were meant to hit metric x or target x
it's not
quite been hit um what are your ways of
dealing with those kind of issues with
customers
yeah that's actually good old-fashioned
objection handling it doesn't it doesn't
fit the term
objection handling as you might see it
in sales
but it translates relatively easily into
the cs side so
um i have coached and managed
many many people who do not you know
they get a customer complaint
and they see it as conflict
or they see it as um you know some
something's gone wrong
whether it's been on the client side or
whether it's been on your side
and their strategy is to run for the
hills
and that is you know while that may be
tempting
lord knows i've wanted to run for the
hills many many times before
um you have to you have to be able to
address it head-on and the way that you
can do that is to be
confident in how uh you approach
these you know these objections so when
i say objections i mean
um it could be you know a customer
coming back and saying
hey you know we thought this was gonna
happen
and this actually happened or hey like
we this is way too much money for us
to be spending on an annualized basis
how do we
you know reduce cost right those are all
fit into
the objection category um and the way
that you
can get better at that and be more
confident about how you approach that is
by asking
more questions and i know that sounds a
little bit um counterintuitive but if
you're
asking a question back instead of
feeling like you have to answer it right
away
you're gaining more understanding and
kind of where they're coming from where
their thought process is so i love
phrases like
you know heard that budgets a lot right
now so can you help me understand a
little bit more about where you are
spending budget can you help me better
understand you know
where like who's involved in the budget
budget process or
um you know in terms of roll out of our
existing product can you help me
understand you know
who's really benefited from it i'd like
to focus on that and then
then we can sort of segment out the
folks that need a little bit more help
i'm making this all up but that's the
kind of stuff that you want to push
further in
um it'll help you when you're having
these kind of
tough difficult conversations um also
never be afraid
to ask for help um so if you are
if you are a cs person out there new to
the role or or whatever and something
goes wrong um
go to your manager um don't be afraid to
go to your manager your manager's there
to help you
a good manager will will partner with
you
um they might ask you some questions so
definitely have your
your story in order right know know the
facts but they're there to help you
they might have a different view um they
can they can step
in when need be a lot i see a lot of
professionals kind of avoid their
manager because they think they're going
to get in trouble
or they don't want to be forthcoming
there's nothing
worse to a manager than being caught off
guard and being presented with
a you know a catastrophic situation with
a client
when it's too late brilliant brilliant
um
really love that that questioning
beforehand so
i mean it's almost everyone's worst
nightmare when a customer comes to you
and they want to end the contract unless
they're a terrible client and they're
really really hard work throughout and
that
might be a dream come true
um but yeah let's say they were a decent
client and yeah they come to you they
want to lower spend or
they want to cut the contract so like
you said asking questions so good
so really working and can you help me
understand
what's happened or can you help me and
help me understand if
what we discussed in our initial call is
still the priority bringing up what they
discussed
yep like what's happened what's shifted
kind of walk me through this
it it gets you a lot of information as
opposed to just sort of saying
oh no they want to cancel and you know
at the end of the day
maybe you do lose them and you know what
that's okay
but what you did to go through the
process is
you're better for it um than not yeah
exactly like you said
like you say meg at least you fully
understood where they're at why they've
made the decision
or if you can get that intel it might
even help you guide them whether it is
lowering their spend or whether it is
suggesting them to another product or
giving them professional guidance based
on their full situation
even if it means referring them to
another partner at least they trust you
and they might come back in the future
right
right exactly and you've done yourself a
favor because you've actually developed
your business acumen a little bit
you've actually increased your
confidence a little bit that is a huge
thing if you're
learning about a situation or how a
customer does something
you can use that example again and again
and again with different customers
maybe you tweak it a little bit maybe
it's a little bit different but you
build
up a repository of events
that you can then sort of reference
throughout your career that is a
huge win when it comes to breaking up
with the client or
you know being told no or being rejected
those are
such growth growth oriented
steps in a person's career that
shouldn't be missed
megan this has been brilliant really
really useful episode for anyone any
business owners or anyone looking to
grow or make better use of their their
customer and client accounts really
appreciate you coming on
and with that please do tell us more
about how everyone can learn from you
how they can connect with you and the
best way to get in touch
absolutely so um first and foremost you
can find me on linkedin
megan holsinger so look me up there i'm
posting stuff
um i'm more so sales and cs focus
i would also strongly encourage you to
follow jb sales training on linkedin
and then also um jb sales training on
instagram so we put out a ton of great
content through instagram
um definitely look uh on there if you're
a big instagram user although
i've now limited my social media
we'll see how long that lasts but we're
gonna try it for now um but definitely
uh look us up there connect with me um
on linkedin if you have questions about
cs
um i'm usually really good about getting
back to people and being
super upfront and honest if i think i
can help them um and if i can't then
trying to find another resource
awesome megan thanks once again for
coming on really appreciate it
you are so welcome cheers and if you
enjoyed the show
be sure to hit subscribe wherever the
heck you get your podcast from
we interview business leaders each and
every week to provide actionable tips
across
marketing across sales all to help you
grow your business
thanks for tuning in and we'll catch you
on the next episode